parallel for Nelson Mandela as president prime ministers kings and queens friends Bose famous and not all gather here in South Africa has the world says goodbye
also the handshake seen around the world today the moments that has a lot of people talking to a massive search in the mountains of family missing for days in freezing temperatures has not been rescued in tonight there heroin stories
who was and businesses in the federal government tonight Meijer flight delays Philomath on the roads in there is another one on the way nightly news from South Africa begins now
BC 19 News with Brian Williams reporting tonight from Pretoria South Africa
what has been a memorial like no other for a man like no other a heavy dose of celebration of fallen boisterous backdrop against a against which South Africa host of the world
big name leaders from all over lead by four US presidents four British Prime Ministers assorted kings and celebrities a dictator or two and some surprises starting with heavy rain which kept the crowd size down here today
mini instead had to watch on television inside while the mix of people who came to remember Nelson Mandela was extraordinary the kind of crowd he wants dreamed of the mix of politicians prove to be
broad and what are the moments of the day came when President Obama found himself shaking hands with Raul Castro
brother of Fidel and the leader of Cuba it was that kind of a day n from here where Mandela's body will arrive shortly lie in state we go back south to the weather on NBC's Lester Holt to start a soft and I left her grave
Frank and powerful Tribute in Light Smith Nelson Mandela brought this country together in death be brought together an interesting collection of global allies and adversaries it was President Obama who drew the largest welcome
4shared
and the world change some by motorcade entourages
many more by foot
Colby
canvas at Nelson Mandela stitch together on East Joanie from activist to prisoner to President
so much better
great grandchildren
celebrate
this was Mandela South Africa black and white 2 degrees in a crowd sometimes broken this song
Mandela's second wife Winnie embracing is with no one but Mandela could inspired this time
celebrities including Bono and actress Charlize Theron Mandela's partner in peace former South African president f.w de Klerk
what are the days most remarkable images President Obama offering a polite handshake the Cuban dictator Raul Castro
the President Obama
the American presidency the command to crouch full attention
which three former President Jimmy Carter along with George Bush and Bill Clinton and their wives looking on
president recalled learning of Mandela struggle when she was a college student that's him sit on the right
the others Eva Marcille
continuous here tomorrow his body work and live in state for 3 days the family and Bips Brian will be first thing tomorrow morning
Lester Holt who was inside the stadium
for all of it as we said it was that kind of a get of the day on the other moment from today's memorial is getting some attention in Ida selfie
featuring President Obama British Prime Minister David Cameron and Danish Prime Minister Helle thorning-schmidt it instantly went viral guess it was designed to sing around the world in just minutes on the web
how are special correspond to Charlene hunter Gault is with us here again tonight a veteran American journalist us live here for close to two decades you and I the distinguished task of covering this life you can hang it was a perfect African celebration
Indian saw full on celebration going on behind the speakers what was it you think we witness
well that's in the culture of South
Dave Morin by celebrating because they believed that the body has not has departed but it has become an answer
and so they go to the grave to talk to the ancestors many of them still culturally a tune to that end help to get wisdom
so its a celebration of life in a transition and death in the nature of how South African approach the transition
should be said this country pulled this off today and that's important it's been great Avenue Charlotte Madison breaking news from back home there's been a deal just announced on Capitol Hill in Washington
boiled another government shutdown in early January Kelly O'Donnell on the hill tonight for us with details
Washington dysfunction is on hold a bipartisan compromise was just an ounce open in running for 2 years it would also rollback some of the harshest automatic spending cuts sequester for the Pentagon a domestic programs
Reno Nevada taxes but you will pay new fees for airline travel and federal workers are being after contribute to their pension at this does not extend jobless benefits for those out of work the longest and still have to be passed but that's expected before Congress goes home for the holidays Brian
Kelly O'Donnell Capitol Hill in Washington with the late news from their Kelly thanks also tonight in Nevada and the desperate search for a missing family including for children has come to an end
in the news here is good the family spend found alive and well after surviving since Sunday in subzero temperatures the discovery unfolded this afternoon about 90 miles outside Reno NBC's Miguel Almaguer has our story
Image S with mountains near Lovelock Nevada rescue team together for Thursday fearing they were running out of time
temperatures 1400 last name
the search for a family of 6 growing more desperate every hour James Glanton his girlfriend Christina mcIntee and 4 children ages 3 to 10 have been missing since Sunday
the family was headed for a day in the snow to rain is rugged remote in this time of the year it is zero temperatures temperatures can kill Crest Hill Banda hoe
the family had a cell phone with the area Orion with remote there was no service still there last known signal help with search teams to a specific area
National Guard launch helicopter in this morning what some call a miracle
Chris Montez spotted the families overturned Jeep
they had a fire going in a whiskey rocks
can a fire
airlifted to a local hospital in entire community and family members heard the good news
Hollywood hits
that's all
the family of 6 in good condition after a Sunday Drive to play in the snow
don't ever forget
Miguel Almaguer NBC News Los Angeles
process women covering so far this week the East Coast has been dealing with its own blast of literary weather today the good news was the storm any were
morning wasn't quite as hard as first forecast know it still manage to stop a lot of people in their tracks especially in the nation's capital
which is where Tom Costello is for us again tonight
hibriten the federal government area schools closed today we still got several thousand people in neighboring states without power on a very cold night Meijer flight descriptions and 1400 cancellations and Counting
daybreak Road Altadena
cancellations is going to be another rescheduling an early cancellation it all seems to be due to the weather Big delays in the Northeast
Kennesaw yellow in Washington Australian students McAllen see the plane slave
fender bender
accidents today was more about a few inches of snow
its a first night snow for 2 years we haven't had no hair
perfect Tuesday in DC Thomas and sister
Mike Roussell sweating days are long over
Kentucky to snow
blue skies the weather channels Mike Seidel warmed up storm number 3
PC Philadelphia New York it's mostly rain maybe some ice early on Boston what have a little bit of everything the ski resorts lot of snow
what to use to season
who's the season waiting for no reason
it's all in the attitude Tom Costello NBC News Washington
and big news from one of the Detroit Big Three automakers a history making out tonight from General Motors naming the first woman
CEO ever to run a global auto maker Mary Barra is a 33 year GM
veteran daughter of a GM assembly part maker she started there is an intern
Rose all the way up through the ranks as an engineer to become the company's product development Chick fil A have for us tonight taking action a year
the Newtown parents who lost their children that day talk about a big move to tackle the mental health crisis in our country and later
porting a huge surprise upon landing for a plain lo folla Paso
back home in the US this Saturday Walmart in one year since the awful school shooting in Newtown Connecticut since then
growing attention given to a link in some cases between violence and mental illness today Vice President Joe Biden join where is Newtown families Lupin pleading for more help along these lines and some of them spoke with our NBC News national correspondent Kate snow
the government shut down for a snow day for parents of three children who died in Newtown last year was too important to miss
the dialogue on mental health has been lacking over a long period of time in and we really need to do to change the the focus tell me how we can prevent violence and aggression as opposed to reacting to it
when Jereme Richmond and his wife lost her daughter Iviona to sign to start a foundation dedicated to brain research for decades predictive claimed huge gap between the number of Americans who need mental health care and access to that care
during the recession state budget
Newtown stat least 37 States has increased spending on mental health programs today the federal government stepped up to which vice president died in an ounce in 100 million dollars to help community health centers across the country established expand behavioral health services
and you improve mental health access in rural areas
this is a very important
we still have a long way to go with a drop in the ocean but
its progress report released 2 weeks ago concluded Newtown shooter Adam Lanza had significant mental health issues you refuse treatment what contribution to the shootings if any is unknown the report said
Scarlett Lewis Tucson jesse was killed at Sandy Hook Elementary Toshiba leaves what happened to Ben prevented with better mental health care
tragedy started with an angry god and Adams have you didn't have the tools to know how
handle that starting conversations is one of the Weasleys Families what America honor their children
starts with an R home and it starts with an R Kennedy
so many Newtown families have told me they hope this is just the beginning politically mental health care may be easier to change than gun laws but it also like to see change their 2 despite all the cause for change after Newtown it's worth noting that has been 16 more school shootings since then
Kate snow back in a New York studios tonight thanks for your reporting and we're back in a moment will the new message on a photo we received from high above today
the founder and chairman of Lululemon has resigned forced out of the job running the company he started because of remarks email about their own customers that did not go over well
Lululemon as you may know makes high and yoga wear among other things they have a loyal customer base men and women
but that was so early test in one hour former CEO chip Wilson said some women's bodies don't work for yoga pants the company had earlier compound of injury blaming a problem with see through yoga pants instructed Ali anatomies of some of the women buying
you may Ricola while back we ask the International Space Station for helping taking a picture of a house in Australia with you
current record holder for Christmas lights we figured it would be visible from space sell we out the professionals the good news is they have
found the neighborhood in question during the daytime orbit overhead and we are hoping now there night time travels well soon show it and its full wattage on Christmas glory or thanks to our orbiting photography department for taking me occasional request
Time magazine still does a great job drumming up in trust for is oldest franchise Person of the Year someone who has for better or worse have the most impact on the world and the news
this past year case in point tonight they have told us of the 5 finalist names the editors are considering they are in no particular order NSA leaker Edward Snowden Syrian president pasar Assad Edith Windsor who challenge
fence of Marriage Act in one of the Supreme Court Texas senator Ted Cruz and the new pope Francis Person of the Year will be announce live tomorrow morning on today
the other way you can make news with something blatantly promotional use if it's a really good heartwarming idea
well the Canadian based airline WestJet setup 19 hidden cameras and one of Santa's helpers non traditional blue so it would be confused for the real Santa they were on hands as travelers young and old
what they wanted for Christmas this year from trains to dollars to flat screen TVs and smartphones wild
flight was in the air over Canada
the airline with lots of Santa's helpers
arrange for the 250 gifts to beatbox wrapped around the baggage carousel where they were greeted and open
passengers none more stoned in the man who didn't take the Santas helper seriously and ask her underwear which is what he got all the wildest thing is now a television commercial
what they do get points for Christmas spirit when we come back from South Africa
the place where Nelson Mandela became a symbol of hope
finally from South Africa tonight we took a moment this afternoon wall the memorial gathering was still going on but winding down to walk through Soweto just as a way of gauging life
in a specific part of this country right now how its changed where it might be headed especially in light of the loss of limb and they consider a hero
this is the South Africa Nelson Mandela identified with a privately claim him as one of their own
so
what you told me you live forever
walking around Soweto you can witness the gamut of human experience
what comes with think you very much
after 20 years of coming here there were visible changes on this trip in this neighborhood a slight UPTET in the standard of living in happiness and empowerment but its hard to see anything else in the midst of that old familiar grinding Alberti
send you to hell
because death is viewed as a transition because even today's rain is seen as a blessing from Mandela's passage its perfectly consist of the people in morning or also happy im celebrated
hearing to me
and I love you
are you are you proud of the world has come here today
727 prison
the man I first met 20 years ago was the newly elected president back when we were both much younger is being held as their George Washington there Gundy there Lincoln their mother Teresa there Dr King in their FDR all rolled into one
Nelson Mandela wanted a country where babies were born into freedom and equality of the two if the qualities that for so many remains a long walk
which brings us to tonight after a day of heavy rain tonights fog has blotted out the Union Buildings behind us but beginning in a few hours this is where Nelson Mandela will come to lie in state as the long farewell Continues right up till
burial next Sunday that is for us are broadcast on a Tuesday night thank you for being here with us I'm Brian Williams reporting tonight from Pretoria South Africa
help to see you from are New York studios for tomorrow a good night